# Smart-Agriculture-using-IoT-and-Predictive-analytics
##Predictive Analytics and  Green House Automation using  Internet of Things for Remote  Monitoring and Alert  Generation

As the name specifies “Predictive Analytics and Green House Automation using Internet of Things for Remote Monitoring and Alert Generation” is about modern agriculture techniques. It offers monitoring and managing crop production within a synthetic environment provided by green house. Internet of things helps us to connect with the greenhouse remotely, monitor and generate critical alerts to take proper action. The increasing demand of agricultural products over the years brings out the importance of greenhouse to maintain the balance of supply and demand. Classical farming method is obsolete and less reliable however it is the major crop production method followed in India. Tropical and geological variation plays a key role in crop production. The classical method of farming is dependent on tropical and geological location, hence making it less reliable and the need of the hour is to modify this method to cope up with the demand. Also, in certain harsh climatic condition the crop fails and we are forced to import our food from global market which lowers our GDP, net price of the agro-products touches skies and become unreachable for middle class.

### Project Presentation here
[MongoCollection](https://prezi.com/wtm4oijqyj_9/final-predictive-analytics-and-green-house-automation-using-internet-of-things-for-remote-monitoring-and-alert-generation/)
